An organization with those words as its title has
been working with great energy and success for a
number of years.
And thus. We have been trying to make this the and I
can't think of the name of the shrub. That's this is
the capital of and I'll think of that later.
And then for the last two years,
generous souls have contributed about $25,000
total to
help us blanket the Brazos with wildflowers.
Could we Post.
Attractive. Welcoming welcome signs.
Near. At the entry. Of our County on each of the
highways.
So that every. Visitor. Would know they were
entering.
An area that was. Truly proud. And convinced. Of
the. Validity of that pride.
Welcome to the hub of the Brazos.
Or. To
put. It in more.
True Texas terms. To assure. Everyone who comes.
To these. Acres. But this is a fine place. Much has
been accomplished here. But because of the good
effort. Faith and determination. Of thousands of
individuals.
From who have come here literally from all over the
world. But it is good today.
But in Texas wording. You ain't seen nothing yet.
The best is yet to come. Thank you.
The kind of tree I was trying to think of a while
ago... The
kind of tree I was trying to think of a while ago was
crepe myrtle. The idea of being Brazos County and
Bryan College Station as the crepe myrtle capital
of Texas.